1) What are comments?
Comments are lines in a program that the interperter is instructed to ignore. It's invisiable to the program
and only seen by the human.


2) Demonstrate at least 2 ways to create a comment. One should be for multiple lines.
# Works to comment a single line.
""" thriple quotes serve to comment
multiple lines
within the quotes."""

3) If the name of a file is app.py what do we type in the command line to tell our computer to run it?
python3 app.py 

4) Demonstrate how I can tell a Python program to display something in the command line.
print() command displays output in the command termial.

5) What can we use to save a value for later use in our code? Provide an example.
We can use a variable to store value for later. Variables are created the moment you assign value to them.
ex: x = 5
ex: y = "Tim"

6) What can I do to prevent certain files and directories from being tracked by git?
I can add file and directory name to a .gitignore file for them to be ignore and not tracked.

7) What can be used in order to repeat some block of code? Provide 2 examples.
A function can be used to excute the same block of code when the function is called on.
ex 1: 
def testFunction():
    print("Hello World!")

testFunction()

ex 2:
def my_name():
    print("My name is Corey")

my_name()

8) When saving a value for later use what type of operator do we use?
We would use the = operator to save values for later.

9) What's the key difference between git revert and git reset?
git revert reverses back to previous commit while maintaining the history of the undone commit.
git reset returns to a previous commit while destroying the history of the undone commit.

10) What's the key difference between Python lists and tuples?
Lists values can be changed/updated whereas tuples are ordered and immutable.

11) What can I do to know where I am within my file system?
type pwd and hit enter

12) Describe the anatomy of a Python dictionary and create one below.
Dictionaries are written with curly brackets and have keys and values. key:value pairs
ex:
favCharacter = {
    "firstName": "Minato",
    "lastName": "Namikaze",
    "age": 28
}

13) What type of values can be in a Python dictionary?
Values in a dictionary can be of any type.
ex: int 5, str "You", bool True, float 23.122, list "books": ["Book1", "Book2", "Book3"]

14) What type of values can be in a Python list?
Any value types can be used in a list.

15) What data type are True and False?
Booleans

16) What language does your computer understand?
binary 0001001

17) What do we need in order for your computer to make use of programming languages?
compiler / interpreter 

18) At what index is your instructor's name located in this list? ["Ron", "Troy", "Martha"]
index[1]

19) What does frontend / client side mean?
Front-facing side of an application which usesrs see and interact with.

20) What does backend / server side mean?
backend/server side are the elements behind the scenes of an application such as databases.

21) What are 3 way to create a Python string?
'Corey'
"Corey"
"""
Corey
Corey
Corey
"""

22) What are 2 types of number data types in Python? Provide an example.
int = 4
float = 24.1
complex = 4j

23) Are we able to add two strings together? How?
Yes we can add to stings together using + operator which is referred to as concatenate.
print("Hello " + "World.")

24) What commands would you use to create the following file structure? (write every command line by line):
    
    Desktop
    -> projects
        -> instagram
            -> images
                -> profile_image.jpg
            -> app.py
        -> tiktok
            -> clips
            -> app.py


25) What is the path to profile_image.jpg?


26) What commands can I use to get from the clips directory to the images directory? (write every command line by line):


27) What method can I use to change this string from "troy" to "Troy"? 


28) What method can I use to change this string from "TROY" to "troy"?


29) How can I check to see if all of the characters in a string are numbers/digits?


30) How can I split a string into a list with each value in the list being a line of the string?


31) What are the Python comparison operators? List each and describe.


32) What are the Python logical operators? List each and describe.


33) How can we decide to run one piece of code versus another? Provide an example.


34) What can I do to work on my primary code, but not mess it up? Provide an example.


35) What do I do in order to make sure I have the latest code on my machine?


36) How can I accept user input into my Python code?


37) How can I see all of my git commits?


38) How can I add a value to a Python list?


39) How can I remove a value from a Python list?


40) How can I access a value in a Python dictionary?


41) How can I remove a value from a Python dictionary?


42) How can I change a value in a Python dictionary?


43) What is a pull request? Describe it in detail.


44) Why do we use services like Github?


45) How can I create a git branch?


46) How can I switch to another branch?


47) What happens if multiple engineers try to change the same area of a codebase from different points in time?


48) What are the 3 stages of of tracking our work with git?


49) What are the commands we'd use, in order, to move our changes through these stages?


50) Is spacing in my Python code important? Why?